(Yuya)
Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Gloria)
My, oh, my.
Do my eyes spy
a Lancer, Grace?
(Grace)
And, like, she's all
by herself, Gloria.
I've heard these
Lancers were brave,
but they're
not very smart.
Before we make our way
to headquarters,
what do you say we
bring a welcoming present
along with us...
in the form
of a gift card?
Saya!
You go. I'll handle
these giraffes!
Alan, until now,
you've always stood in
front of me to protect me
when I should've
always been standing
next to you
so that we can
fight together.
Let's duel!
It's on!
Fairy Cheer Girl,
attack Amazoness Queen!
Do you think we'd let
a little girl destroy a Queen?
When you mess with
the Tyler sisters...
(both)
You're gonna get slammed
with glam!
These two are bad news.
I heard they wiped out
the entire Spade School
all by themselves.
That's awful.
You're finished!
Aah!
(both screaming)
Huh?
Are you ready to make
some gift cards, Sister?
Yes, let's.
Hey!
You responsible for this?
Hands off our Lancers.
There not Lancers,
we're Lancers!
I knew it was too easy.
Yeah, you're right.
But isn't it, like,
totes so convenient
that the prey comes to us?
(sinister laugh)
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Sylvio crying in pain)
Whoa... sounds bad!
This way!
(grunting)
Oh, no!
Gong! Sylvio!
What happened, pal?
Who did this to you?
(Shay)
Alan!
Saya!
Are you all right?
Two...
tall twins with 'tude.
(Gloria)
Ah, looks like some more flies
have found their way
into our web.
(Shay)
So Grace and Gloria
Tyler are back,
and I'm guessing
it's not because
you're sorry
for trashing my city.
But after I'm through
with you, you will be.
Like, cool.
Glad to know you're, like,
familiar with our work.
Look, Grace.
The Resistance really
are like cockroaches.
Just when you think
you got rid of 'em all,
a couple more
scurry out of hiding.
Why you‐‐
Zip it!
The only scurrying
that's gonna happen
is you two
scurrying back home,
'cause hurting
my friends isn't funny.
(Yuya and Yuto)
After I'm done with you,
you'll wish
you never came here.
It appears I've touched
a nerve, Grace.
How fortunate.
Yeah, Gloria, nice one.
(weakly)
Yuya...
They're monsters.
They are...
and monsters will not
be shown any mercy!
Yuto... we're gonna take
these two down, I promise,
but you have to remain calm.
Don't get so angry that
your anger overwhelms you.
It clouds your judgment,
and, even worse, it brings out
your most hateful instincts.
I don't want to fuel
that fire again.
(Shay)
If you're done having
your lil' powwow with Yuto,
we have a duel
to win, Yuya.
Yeah, we're cool, Shay.
Good, then let's get
to kicking some tail.
These two are first,
then it's Duel Academy's turn.
And we're taking 'em
all down together!
But listen....
(groaning)
We gotta do this
the right way.
I'm here to show these two
that dueling's
about having fun...
so check all the anger
and all of the hate
at the door, Shay.
Can you do that?
I'll try.
Now let's stop yapping
and get down to business.
(thinking) This is one
duel I can't lose,
but I hope
we can pull this off.
They took down Gong
and Sylvio real hard,
and that means
I'm in for a real fight.
(computer voice)
Generating Action Field‐‐
Crossover.
(Grace)
Oh, joy, two Lancers.
Now, you do realize tag
dueling's our specialty.
Yeah, and in this tag duel,
each team share
their life points, fields
and, like, even their graveyards
are up for sharesies.
The more the merrier!
Ooh, confidence!
It's too bad
that after this match,
you're not gonna have
any of that left.
Indeed.
Prepare to be humbled
in a way you won't
ever forget!
Enough talk‐‐ let's see
if you can back it up.
It's showtime!
Let's duel!
I shall go first.
And since there are
no monsters out, I can do this.
Activate a spell that will
seriously slow down your game...
Quiet Life.
And due to its effect,
when any player Normal Summons,
they can't Special Summon
during that turn!
And, like, vice versa.
(gasps)
Next I'm activating the spell
card Polymerization
to fuse Amazoness Queen
and Amazoness Swords Woman!
Now, these two warriors of
the jungle will combine into one
and harness the untamed power
of the jungle itself!
I Fusion Summon!
Amazoness Empress!
Hyah!
And then I'll end my turn
with a facedown card.
You're up.
(Yuya, thinking)
But before I draw,
I need to understand
what she's up to.
So every turn
we need to choose
between Normal Summoning
and Special Summoning?
That cuts our options
in half!
If I have to choose between
the two, my option is clear!
I draw!
I'll use Scale 3
Performapal Turn Toad
and Scale 8
Performapal Odd‐Eyes Unicorn
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of this duel
starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 4 through 7
all at the same time!
(groaning)
Go, Yuya...
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Work your wizardry,
Xiangsheng Magician.
Tickle the ivories,
Performapal Monkeyboard.
So you've decided
to put them both
in defense mode.
Doesn't hurt to be careful.
(chuckles)
I'm activating the trap card
Amazoness Hall.
When you
Special Summon a monster,
we gain life points equal
to its attack points.
And Pendulum Summoning counts
as Special Summoning.
What?
Well, this just went
from bad to worse.
(groaning)
Oh, no...
We know you Lancers love
to Pendulum Summon,
so we were
prepared to deal with it.
For realsies‐‐
the Professor gave us
the lowdown on you chumps.
Lowdown?!
That's not good!
Stay focused.
We can't let our guard down
even for a second.
Please...
You're acting as though
you actually have a chance.
But you, like,
most certainly don't!
I place one card face down
and end my turn.
That's right.
There's nothing you can do.
That is, except lose,
of course!
And just like my sis...
I'm also activating
Polymerization!
And with it, I'm totally,
like, gonna fuse
Amazoness Tiger
and Amazoness Spy!
Get set for some paws, claws,
and, like, roarin' roars!
I Fusion Summon!
Amazoness Pet Liger!
(roaring)
All right, show
that Performapal Monkeyboard
that not all beasts
are created equal,
especially since
when Liger attacks,
she gains 500 attack points!
And due to Amazoness Empress's
special ability,
you take damage even if
our monster is in defense mode!
(both groaning)
Hang in there, you two‐‐
we'll get help soon!
Now, since our battle
is over,
Liger's attack points
go back to normal.
But don't think
that means I'm through.
Since this is a tag match,
I don't have to be limited
to just using my monsters.
I can totally use
my sister's, too!
So, Amazoness Empress,
make that Magician, like,
disappear for reals!
Yuya...
Not good...
It's, like, so much fun
destroying you and your monsters
that I almost feel sorry,
but not, like, that sorry.
In fact, like,
not even a little sorry.
So causing all this pain and
suffering gives you pleasure?
Me losing my friends
brings a smile to your face?
Take it easy, Shay.
Anger won't help us.
I'm not so sure, Yuya.
Maybe a little fire
is what we need right now.
Come on now, guys!
You can't really mean that!
Sorry, Yuya, this is not
the time for fun and games.
It's time to bring the pain!
Here comes the pain!
Since Yuya set
the Pendulum Scale already,
I can Pendulum Summon too!!
I call forth...
Three Raidraptor ‐
Singing Laniuses!
Guess you forgot
we have the trap Amazoness Hall,
so whenever you Special Summon,
we gain life points.
No!
They just keep
getting stronger.
Hang...tough...
Calm down!
You're not thinking clearly!
Believe me, Yuya,
I am thinking clearly.
Just watch!
I Overlay
my three Singing Laniuses
in order to build...
the Overlay Network!
Now I can Xyz Summon
and bring forth this!
Raidraptor ‐ Rise Falcon!
Really?
Please.
Do you really think a monster
with so few attack points
will be of any use?
You'll find out soon enough,
because I equip the spell
Raidraptor ‐ Iron Heart
to Rise Falcon
and raise its attack points
by 500!
Am I supposed to be,
like, scared?
Make her eat those words,
make her shake in fear!
Chill out.
Whatever you're thinking
of doing isn't going to work.
Oh, yeah?
Well, I'm not done just yet...
I activate
Rise Falcon's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains the attack points
of their two monsters.
It what?!
Like, that's
5,900 attack points!
Making Rise Falcon the
strongest one on the field!
Whoa! That thing is,
like, super strong!
Go, Shay!
And now, attack!
Take out Pet Liger
with Ravaging Rebellion!
Our monsters can take the heat.
Because when Amazoness Empress
is holding court...
Amazoness monsters
can't be destroyed!
But you'll still
take damage!
Shay's Rise Falcon
can attack every monster
that's on the field
once per turn!
So hit 'em again!
Rise Falcon, sink your talons
into Amazoness Empress!
Wrong!
So like, Liger doesn't like it
when you attack its owner,
so its roar is
gonna stop your attack!
(roaring)
Aw... not good!
You got lucky, but I promise you
won't be so lucky next time.
I place one card face down
and end my turn.
I've gotta admit,
I'm impressed.
You're much better duelists
than the pathetic trash
we usually go up against.
(both gasp)
But as you're about to see,
not good enough to beat us.
Really?
Yeah, really,
because I activate my trap card
Amazoness Hot Spring!
Due to its refreshing waters,
we now gain back each and every
life point we lost
from the, like, yuckiness
of that last turn.
No...
Wait, so it's
like Shay's attacks
never even happened?
And now another facedown...
The trap
Amazoness Cursed Mirror!
Once per turn,
I can, like, stop the damage
my sweet sis or I might take.
No way!
So how are we supposed to
get to their life points?
That's just it, sweetums.
You're not going to get to 'em,
so you're not gonna win.
You're just going to end up
like all these other
who have faced us...
Mauled into mincemeat!
And now I'll have my Pet Liger
continue the onslaught
by having her down your Falcon!
And don't forget,
due to Liger's special ability,
she gains 500 attack points!
I activate
a little something called
Rank‐Up‐Magic Escape Force!
Stopping your attack.
And then I can
Xyz Summon a monster
that's one Rank higher
than Rise Falcon!
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Rise up,
Raid ‐ Raptor Blaze Falcon!
And that's, like, another 1,000
life points added to us.
But your life points, Shay,
are about to be decimated!
Go! Clip Blaze Falcon's wings,
Empress!
Hyah!
(both screaming)
You may have destroyed
one Falcon,
but another will soon
rise and take its place,
because Raidraptor ‐ Iron Heart
activates from my graveyard,
allowing me to summon
Rise Falcon back to my field!
Who cares?
We'll just beat it again.
You're, like, so annoying.
You know you can't win,
so, like, stop wasting
my precious time, okaysies?
Your friends
aren't worth the hassle,
so just, like, give up.
Never!
I'll never give up!
(both gasp)
(Sylvio groans)
Not for me,
not for my friends...
not for my sister Lulu.
I'll take down Duel Academy...
and that's a promise
I'll never break!
(gasps)
Shay...
That's right!
So if you're late...
(Yuya and Yuto)
for an appointment or something,
then maybe you should be
the ones to give up!
For "realsies".
Please. When will you
get it through your thick heads
that winning this duel
is not in the cards.
Face it!
You two are finished!
We'll see about that.
Yuya, crush 'em to a pulp.
No! You need
to calm down.
Yuya, I am calm.
No, you're not.
Look, you can't
lie to me.
I can feel your anger, okay?
And if you don't stop this,
we're gonna lose control
like before
and then who knows
what will happen?
Look guys, we all have to take
a couple deep breaths
and get focused.
Stay calm instead of angry.
Trust me that this is
the best way.
Trust me and
I'll show you a duel
you've never seen before!
Okay...
Let's see what you can do.
Good luck.
Thanks, Yuto.
Thanks, Shay.
Now then...
It's showtime!
Perfect!
And what's a show
without a Pendulum Monster?
Now swing into action...!
Xiangsheng Magician!
Much obliged.
It's, like,
not even our birthday,
but you, like, keep giving
our life points presents.
Then I guess you'll love
when I activate Monster Reborn
to summon Raidraptor ‐ Singing
Lanius from our graveyard,
unless of course you want to be
the only birdbrains out here.
Why, you...
Now I'll Overlay Xiangsheng
Magician and Singing Lanius
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective.
I call upon
the most dangerous of dragons!
Now I Xyz Summon
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
Like, really?
Look at her life points.
They're over 10,000!
Has Yuya lost his mind?!
Time will tell...
and that time is right now!
You know, I've faced
some bad duelists in my time,
but you are by far the worst!
You make winning so easy
it's almost not fun!
Uh, thanks?
When you said you were
gonna turn things around,
I didn't think you meant
in their favor.
And you thought
right, Yuto.
Because for the next step,
I need the help
of both of you.
Wait, now you need
our help?
That's right...
and my Dad's.
♪♪♪
Commander Phoenix,
you beckoned?
I'm looking for Yuya Sakaki‐‐
find out where he is!
Yes, sir!
Where is Noro?
I need to speak to him.
Oh, he told me
not to tell you
that he had an emergency.
Oops.
Oh, is that so?
Ladies and gentlemen!
Your eyes are in for a treat!
My opponents' life points
are over 10,000!
To win now would be
the miracle of miracles!
You think you can win?
Have you forgotten
about Amazoness
Magic Mirror's effect?
It, like, stops your lame dragon
from hurting us.
No, ladies, I didn't forget.
Getting around that effect
is what's going to make this
so entertaining!
Now let's set the stage,
shall we?
I activate the spell
Miracle Rocket Show!
What's he wasting
our time with now?
Whoa... I don't know,
but it's, like, so pretty.
(Yuya)
I think this is one show
you'll like,
because now, your monsters
can't be destroyed in battle,
and you take
no battle damage either!
But that helps them, Yuya!
Seems like it, doesn't it?
But maybe... I got into this jam
to get me out of it.
I play the spell card
Smile World!
So Noro thinks he can
go off on his own, does he?
I guess... maybe?
Commander!
I think I've found
what you're looking for.
(Yuya)Smile World gives all
monsters 100 attack points
for every monster
on the field!
Since there's a
total of four,
each monster gains
400 attack points!
Found you, Yuya Sakaki.
Everyone gains
attack points?
You're up to something.
'Course I am!
And I'll show you
right now.
Actually, make that we.
I use Rise Falcon's Overlay Unit
to activate its special ability!
It gains Amazoness Empress
and Amazoness Pet Liger's
attack points!
And, Yuto,
time for your dragon.
All right.
Let's do this!
(Yuya and Yuto)
I activate Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
steals half of Amazoness
Pet Liger's attack points!
(roaring)
Power up,
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(roaring)
Yuya and Shay
have really strong monsters,
but what's the point?
No matter how strong they get,
there's no point
if you can't deal us damage!
Now sit back...
and look up!
'Cause our two dragons are about
to blast off and attack!
Now I know it's
a bit of a snug fit you two,
but don't worry‐‐
it'll be a short trip.
Right towards
Amazoness Pet Liger!
All systems are go!
Target has been acquired!
Commence countdown!
Three...
two...
one...
blastoff!
Yeah!
Pretty!
Whoa...
I, like, love the glitz!
Whoa...!
(laughs)
How cool!
And we take no damage.
True, but what's a rocket show
without a rocking finale?
Since battle damage
is reduced to zero,
Miracle Rocket Show deals you
all the damage
you would've taken!
A whopping 10,225 points!
No way!
Amazing!
Whoa! They won!
Against all odds!
And put on an incredible
show at the same time!
Sure did!
(laughs)
Well, folks...
I hope you all
enjoyed the show.
Gotta say I think I did
the Sakaki name proud
on this one.
I won't let you
escape again, Yuya!
Assemble the team!
We are moving out in five!
I can't believe it.
They struck us down.
Starstruck down.
I can't believe you lost!
What did I pay you for?!
Well, I didn't pay you,
but you get the idea!
Go after the Lancers again
and beat them
this time!
No. They had
their chance.
It's our turn.
Because we always
get the job done right.
(whimpers)
It's the Obelisk Force!
Why are you here?